Set up a gh action to install testing requirements. Does not yet run tests. (#356)
SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-assemblylinewizard: testing.md

## Developing Tests

To write and run the tests, you'll need to set up your testing environment in Python.

### Set up a virtual environment

First, set up a virtual environment in your command prompt called `venv` to hold all the packages related to this repository.
This will keep your code clean, and make sure this repository does not interfere with
your other projects.

Run these lines in your command prompt.

```
pip3 install virtualenv
virtualenv -p $(which python3.8) venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip3 install --upgrade pip
pip3 install -r docassemble/assemblylinewizard/requirements.txt
pip3 install --editable .
```

> <!-- I had to run `virtualenv -p /usr/local/opt/python@3.8/bin/python3 venv` for the second line -->

Author: This is in a comment and doesn't appear in the README. I don't think it was about the version of my OS, I think it was about previous things I'd installed and the links that got created for them which I wasn't able to resolve another way. Before adding it to the visible README instructions, I'd like to discuss with others whether such a warning should be added to the text and, if so, what it should say.

> <!-- I had to run `virtualenv -p /usr/local/opt/python@3.8/bin/python3 venv` for the second line -->

Reviewer: I knew it's a comment, by future readers I meant future maintainers. Sorry, that was misleading, :sweat_smile:  I wasn't trying to suggest making part of the visible readme. And it is relevant to what you OS is though: in Ubuntu, mine's just `/usr/bin/python3`.

> <!-- I had to run `virtualenv -p /usr/local/opt/python@3.8/bin/python3 venv` for the second line -->

Author: It's also based on what's in the file that specifies your $PATH (forgotten what it's called now). Mine's a total mess. I think it can be based on other configs too. I can add that not to the comment, but until someone can replicate it on the same system with no noise from other configuration settings, I don't think we should make it visible.

(I used `pip3` and `python3` above, because I have both Python 2 and Python 3 on my machine, but you
can use just `pip` and `python` if you only have Python 3.)

If your errors show something like `mysql_config: command not found` it means you're missing

> `mysql`, which is a dependency. You can search how to install it for your system.

Author: I believe it's a dependency of a dependency, but I can't be sure. I'm not familiar enough with this ecosystem to properly uninstall mysql and test if it runs anyway. I'd welcome some help on this if someone has time.

> `mysql`, which is a dependency. You can search how to install it for your system.

Reviewer: It also shouldn't be required? I don't have it installed either. But I guess if it's just an error that no one will ever come across, it's fine to stay in.

> `mysql`, which is a dependency. You can search how to install it for your system.

Author: Hmm, it's possible it was part of a dependency in the old requirements.txt. Don't pay attention for now, @niharikasingh , but when you get back we'd love your eye on it - were you the one that initially added this comment? Or did I do this one?

> `mysql`, which is a dependency. You can search how to install it for your system.

Reviewer 2: I don't remember who added this but I believe it is still relevant. `mysqlclient` (https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-assemblylinewizard/blob/master/docassemble/assemblylinewizard/requirements.txt#L98) is still a requirement and that requires `mysql_config` (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63464534/error-oserror-mysql-config-not-found-when-installing-python-mysqlclient-with).

> `mysql`, which is a dependency. You can search how to install it for your system.

Reviewer: `mysqlclient` does use `mysql_config`, but since this PR removes `mysqlclient` from the `requirements.txt`, I still don't think it's needed. But again, it's pretty minor, we can always clean up a bit later.

Another common error is something like `ImportError: pycurl: libcurl link-time ssl backend (openssl) is different from compile-time ssl backend (none/other)`. https://stackoverflow.com/a/21099222/14144258 may help give you direction.

If you want to stop here after setup, you can exit the virtual environment with
```
deactivate
```

### Run the tests

Everytime you want to work on testing, enter your virtual environment with

```
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

> To run the tests, make sure your command prompt is in your project's directory and use one the following commands using your own file and class names where needed. These are listed in order of "runs all tests" to "runs one test":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests, make sure your command prompt is in your project's directory (`docassemble-assemblylinewizard`) and run `python3 -m unittest discover`.

You can also run a single test by listing the full module path all the way down to the test method name. For example, to run just the `test_mapped_scenarios` method in `test_map_names.py`, you can run:

`python3 -m unittest docassemble.assemblylinewizard.test_map_names.TestMapNames.test_mapped_scenarios`
```

Github didn't like using '```' in the suggestion, I'd use those over '`'.

```
python3 -m unittest discover
python3 -m unittest test_file
python3 -m unittest test_file.TestClass
python3 -m unittest test_file.TestClass.test_method

> ```

Reviewer: `unittest discover` works really well, but I don't think the other options work reliably when listing just the file. You need to list the whole module path, i.e. `docassemble.assemblylineweaver.test_file`, etc. You not only need to be in the same directory as the file for it work, but because we're importing other modules in that same directory, the tests will fail with:
```
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/usr/lib/python3.8/unittest/loader.py", line 154, in loadTestsFromName
    module = __import__(module_name)
  File "/home/brycew/Developer/LITLab/docassemble-assemblylinewizard/docassemble/assemblylinewizard/test_fill_in_field_attributes.py", line 2, in <module>
    from .interview_generator import DAField
ImportError: attempted relative import with no known parent package
```

Author: Updated, though I changed `assemblylineweaver` to `assemblylinewizard`
